///*
//name: Nahal Mousavi
//email: nmousavi4@myseneca.ca
//Student ID: 133828178
//date: OCT 13, 2022
//I have done all the coding by myself and only copied the code that my professor provided to complete my workshops and assignments.
//*/

This workshop was based on three modules: Reservation, Restaurant and ConfirmationSender. The topics learned in this WS were mainly Composition and 
Aggregation class relationships. A composition is a class which depends on its parent class for its existence. While in aggregation a class can be made up 
of other existing classes but it does not depend on them for its existence.

Reservation module:

We were supposed to choose any type for the attributes. The types I chose are:

1.	Char array for reservation ID – because it is an array of characters
2.	String for name and email
3.	Size_t for number of people because we are talking about the size of something which is also a positive value.
4.	Unsigned int for day and hour because they are  unsigned integers

The Restaurant class is in a composition relation with the Reservation class. This is because each Restaurant has a reservation and the reservation array 
in Restaurant does not exist apart from the Restaurant object. The ConfirmationSender has an aggregation relation with the Reservation Class. 
The ConfirmationSender can have reservations to confirm, but it can exist without it. 

Difference between composition and aggregation implementation:

For composition, as we implement the pointer version, so deep copying and assignment are required. So we have to code the copy constructor, assignment 
operator and the destructor. We need the constructor to create the Reservation class object, the assignment operator to delete the previous object and 
create new one, and the destructor to destroy the object.

The aggregation is between ConfirmationSender and Reservation. From implementation point of view, ConfirmationSender does not manage Reservation objects 
stored in the array. It is not responsible of creating the Reservation objects, as they are created outside of class and are passed as references.

The difference between the implementations of move and copy functions in a composition and an aggregation is that for composition, we handle all the 
resources inside the copy constructor and assignment. Whereas in aggregation, we are not responsible for the Reservation class and only deal with the 
pointer array.
